"The Crowther Engine Heist" by James Gain

When play begins, say "As an accomplished detective you are able to mentally simulate how the Crowther Engine must have been stolen. You begin by imagining yourself in the role of the thief."

You are carrying an explanatory note. The description of the explanatory note is "This hastily penned note reads 'Do not judge me, I am the only one in this nest of vipers with any ethics at all'."

The Shielded Corridor is a room. "Outside the Laboratories of the Worthy Order of Curmudgeons, the walls are shielded with sonic damping, fire proofing, acid-resistant lacquer, structural supports and storm baffling. (The last a recent addition inspired by Dr Crowther's experiments). The imposing entrance to the Prime Laboratory is in the south wall."
South of the Shielded Corridor is the Cogway. The Cogway is a door. The description of the Cogway is "The Affiliates of the Order are jealous of their secrets and this ornate double door constructed entirely from cogs and wheels is one giant locking mechanism." The Cogway is locked and lockable. South of the Cogway is the Prime Laboratory. The indefinite article of Cogway is "the".

The Prime Laboratory is a room. "This massive barrel-vaulted chamber is clustered with half a dozen ongoing experiments. Sparks surge between twisted prongs, sulphurous liquids bubble and murmur, and a half-made automaton rocks itself back and forth in the corner. The hair on the back of your neck rises. This could be from the terrible portent of the experiments conducted here over the centuries or it could be from the actinic charge in the air. [paragraph break] Crowther's Lab is to the west and the Insectarium is to the east. An archway leads south to the flight platform and is also useful for venting in an emergency." 

The Rail is here. The description of the Rail is "A rail and pulley system that runs across the ceiling so that Dr Peabody's infernal flying machines can be carried to the Launch Platform."
The Daedulus Flutter-wing is on the Rail. The Flutter-wing is a vehicle. The description of the Flutter-wing is "Peabody's pride and joy but you would have to be suicidal to try and fly in it."
The Slow Glass is here. The Slow Glass is fixed in place. The description of the Slow Glass is "You are shocked to see Dr Crowther on the other side of the glass, but then you realize that it is only light from earlier this afternoon slowly leaking through." The indefinite article of Slow Glass is "the".
Some Arcane Paraphernalia are here. The spider-silk rope, perpetual machine and Tesla gun are in the Paraphernalia. The Paraphernalia is opaque and closed. The description of the Paraphernalia is "The detritus of half a hundred failed experiments. There might be something salvageable in here if your are prepared to risk rummaging." 
The Storm Globes are here. The description of the Storm Globes is "Traceries of lightning swirl inside these spheres."

The Crowther Lab is a room. "The walls of this spherical room are tiled in brass and streaked with soot from Dr Crowther's lightning experiments, but now it is dominated by the Crowther Engine." The Crowther Lab is west of the Prime Laboratory.
The Crowther Engine is here. The description of the Crowther Engine is "This engine on its own can do the work of a hundred calculation drudges in a fraction of the time, but it is far from small and portable." The indefinite article of the engine is "the".
The Punch Card is in the Crowther Engine. The description of the Punch Card is "A stiff white card with small regular holes that form the pattern 'dot space space dot dot'."
The Brass Man is here and a device. The description of the Brass Man is "A steam-driven automaton in the shape of a man that is connected by cables to the Crowther Engine. You can see from the boiler panel that it has been allowed to run dry."

The Clockwork Insectarium is a room. "This room is filled with twisted metal and stained glass constructs in a caricature of a jungle environment. Oversized clockwork beetles, worms, butterflies and spiders move sluggishly among the synthetic foliage. A stained glass doorway leads west back to the main laboratory." West of the Insectarium is the Prime Laboratory.
The clockwork insects are here. The description of the clockwork insects is "Each insect is an order of magnitude larger than its biological equivalent, probably because Dr Turk is still having trouble with miniaturisation. They seem to be running low on energy." The indefinite article of insects is "the".

The Surrounding Forest is a backdrop. It is in the Launch Platform, the Tower Base and the Balloon Mooring. The description of the Surrounding Forest is "A dense forest stretches towards the horizon. Nearby is the burnt out shell of a village. (After Dr Corvine's invention of fire-rain the villagers decided to rebuild several miles away)."

[Descriptions needed for rooms and things that follow.]
The Launch Platform is a Room. The Launch Platform is south of the Prime Laboratory.
The Tower Wall is a door. The Tower Wall is down from the Launch Platform and up from the Tower Base. The Tower Wall is locked and lockable.

The Tower Base is a room. The Donkey Cart is here and a vehicle.

The Balloon Mooring is a room. It is up from the Launch Platform. The Hot-Air Balloon is here and a vehicle.